[KED-1650] New graphing algorithm & feature flags (#185)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz: README.md

   The React component exposes props that can be used to supply data and customise its behaviour. For information about the props, their expected prop-types and default values, see [/src/components/app/index.js](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz/blob/master/src/components/app/index.js). For examples of the expected data input format, see the mock data examples in [/src/utils/data](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz/tree/master/src/utils/data), and compare the [resulting demo](https://quantumblacklabs.github.io/kedro-viz/).

## Flags

> The following flags are available in the latest release to toggle experimental features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following flags are available to toggle experimental features:
```

> - `newgraph` - Improved graphing algorithm (default `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `newgraph` - From release vX.x. Improved graphing algorithm (defaults to `false`).
```

My thoughts are that it's best to say which release they are introduced from individually as you add them, since "latest" is/will go out of date.

Author: Sounds good, I've updated this to include the version.

### Setting flags

To enable or disable a flagged feature, add the flag as a parameter with the value `true` or `false` to the end of the URL in your browser when running Kedro-Viz, e.g.

`http://localhost:4141/?data=demo&newgraph=true`

> This provided setting will then persist for all sessions on your machine, until it is otherwise changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting you provide persists for all sessions on your machine, until you change it.
```

Author: I've updated this line, thanks.

### Viewing flags

> See the message in your browser's console for info regarding the available flags and their values as currently set on your machine.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I follow this. What message? What console?

Author: I've reworded with some extra information including a link to a Mozilla article explaining the [developer console](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/What_are_browser_developer_tools#The_JavaScript_console), does that help?

Reviewer: It does. So much better 🚀

## Flags

The following flags are available to toggle experimental features:

> - `newgraph` - From release v3.3.2. Improved graphing algorithm (default `false`).

Reviewer 2: Yeah I'd say `3.4.0`, though I doubt it's necessary to specify as it'll be in the release notes, and this will only be visible on branches that contain this flag, no?

Author: Yeah I was thinking on the same lines but this was a suggestion from @stichbury earlier in this thread and it seems a good thing to keep - I've updated this to read `3.4.0`.
